README.md, before:

# POC Service catalog

This repository is a proof of concept for service catalog using Infrahub and Streamlit.

> [!NOTE]
> Setting up the demo currently requires multiple steps, but we are working on adding it as a track on our [lab portal](https://opsmill.instruqt.com/pages/labs).

## Quick start

- Clone this repo `git clone https://github.com/opsmill/poc-service-catalog.git`
- Navigate to the directory `cd poc-service-catalog`
- Setup your poetry environment `poetry shell` and `poetry install`
- Export credentials `export INFRAHUB_ADDRESS='http://localhost:8000'; export INFRAHUB_API_TOKEN='06438eb2-8019-4776-878c-0941b1f1d1ec'`
- Start infrahub `invoke start`
- Load the schema `infrahubctl schema load schemas/`
- Load initial data `infrahubctl object load data/`
- Connect read-only repository `infrahubctl repository add --ref main --read-only infrahub-demo https://github.com/opsmill/poc-service-catalog.git`
- Spin service catalog app `streamlit run service_catalog/🏠_Home_Page.py`

👉 Login to [Infrahub UI](http://localhost:8000/login) on port `8000` with username `admin` and password `infrahub`

👉 You can connect to [Service catalog](http://localhost:8501/) on port `8501`

Commit message:

add docusaurus docs for service catalog

README.md, after:

<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
![Infrahub Logo](https://assets-global.website-files.com/657aff4a26dd8afbab24944b/657b0e0678f7fd35ce130776_Logo%20INFRAHUB.svg)
<!-- markdownlint-restore -->

# Infrahub by OpsMill

[Infrahub](https://github.com/opsmill/infrahub) by [OpsMill](https://opsmill.com) acts as a central hub to manage the data, templates and playbooks that powers your infrastructure. At its heart, Infrahub is built on 3 fundamental pillars:

- **A Flexible Schema**: A model of the infrastructure and the relation between the objects in the model, that's easily extensible.
- **Version Control**: Natively integrated into the graph database which opens up some new capabilities like branching, diffing, and merging data directly in the database.
- **Unified Storage**: By combining a graph database and git, Infrahub stores data and code needed to manage the infrastructure.

## Infrahub - PoC of a service catalog

This repository is a proof of concept for service catalog using Infrahub and Streamlit.

## Running the demo

Documentation for loading and using this demo is available on the [PoC Service Catalog](https://docs.infrahub.app/demo/poc-service-catalog/) docs site.
